Hello
your guys there in this new video
we will see with the amm
singh of xs35gt to 800 41 slim pc of
shuttle xs35 a shuttle gift
which I thank you find the link to the site
to the facebook gene description page vi
I recommend you take a look and if
you want left nice i like it
we get caught shortly with unboxing
well guys here we are with a box
containing the slim pc all around
as always we have various images
information on the left side we have
product image and miscellaneous
technical specifications while in the part
front we can see on the side
left the stylized image of the
frontal we now go to boxing
inside we have
the slim pc that we will see soon and
inside the box we have this
package
inside we have booklet with
instructions and warranty the basis for
put the slim pc in vertical cd with i
driver the power cord
and the feeder we now turn to
slim pc
let's see some specific dimensions
width 25.2 mm height 16.2 thickness
3.85 weight a killer 250 grams
compatible with windows seven and 32 e
64 bit montano ac more intel atom d2700
dual core 2.13 gigahertz hyper
treating so we will have two threads per
core chipset nm10 world loves gpu radeon
hd 74 10m from 512 megabytes of ram ddr3
with maximum resolution 1200 p for the
mail careers and 1500 36 for the vga from 2
gigabyte of ram ddr3 at 1333 megahertz
hard disk dvd player and burner
internal 500 gigabyte card reader
sd lan and wifi connectivity
on the front we have the reader
dvd burner a usb 2.0 port the
sd card reader and the key
switching on with the power and LED lights inside
hard disk in the back we have
a hole for the kensington lock jack from
3.5 mm for headphones and microphone a door
RJ45 for Ethernet cable 4 USB ports
2.0 a sub vga port an hdmi port
and a port for the connector of
power supply as you can see also
we have two other video outputs a d sub
vga and a hdmi but they are right and
dates between pines in plastic and disabled
probably at the hardware level indeed
not even from bios I managed to
enable them on the four sides and that is in the
upper lower left side
and right
we have many small holes for the
air passage as it is a
fanless system is very important not
cover or build any of these
sides
otherwise we could compromise the
system cooling let's move on
now inside the pc to open it is
very simple, just unscrew this
life located in the back
here she is
then he turns from the back to the
right side and here is one side turns
on the other side
just slide these mini bulkheads
towards the back side and here it is
the inside in one side we have a plate
dissipating and dvd and cd player while
on the other hand we have the hard disk and the
ram
the hard drive to the ahram can also
be replaced in what way
the hard disk will be enough to unscrew all the
screws while for the ram
it will be enough to do it in this way it is released and
you pull as you see there are two slots in
this way we can add more
ram this slim pc to put it back
simply slip it on and press
lower inside we also can
see other components as a reader
sd card the network card another
dissipating plate etc. not there
list all simply for not
make the video too tedious to
closing it is very simple
one of the bases especially this one
here that has the hole in the most part
internal you take the mini pc
if then already up here almost towards the end
this to that front panel yes
you support that you accept that all sides
have entered and pushes forward
here is how you see here is entered then
you take the other mini bulkhead with it
same procedure leans there is
turned on that all the data are entered e
goes down
here it rests defends the vine
and syria life
and here it is while in the lower part
we can see the mounting holes
of the base to mount the pc in
vertical
if we take the base in the part
lower we have scotch by removing
scotch we can see this network
here it is, just insert it in here
hook the base following the violins
entrust the vine
and here is what we can say about this
product and if not the slim pc results
obviously very silent that you give the
its small size we could
position it where we like without it
having space problems consumption is
also reduced to the minimum given the
very minimal components e
even as a mobile version
the performance gpu treating 101 slim
pc result all in all enough
good is definitely not a product
suitable for gaming except of course for
flash games facebook games or
anyway games really very light me
blow to a more multimedia use such as
watch movies listening to music a face
light of office studying or otherwise
not too demanding activities the pc
it is sold without an operating system
so we should install it is us
compatible as already mentioned at the beginning
with windows seven 32 and 64 bit well
guys the xs35gt unboxing to 804 v3
ends here you find it online at a
price of around 350 euros
I want to thank shuttle again
for the tribute find the link to the site
to the facebook page here gene
description I recommend circled dates
if you want left a nice I like I hope
I liked the video I hope it is
been useful I want to remember that on my
first leaseurope channel you can find
many other video tutorials and tips
useful in the IT world
while on the second gamer channel of
where you can find the gene link
description you can find many
gameplay commented on by me there
I recommend on which he must also on facebook
twitter and this time also google plus
find all the links down in description
we get a video of it next time
go Go